# CutAndPlot.C
this is the macro to be used with the output of the B0AndBsAnalyzer. It will apply offline cuts and produce in output some control histograms plus 
a TTree of the same type of the input TTree but with the cuts applied (to be used for the fits).

The macro accept few parameters:

- **filename** is a string representing the path to the file to process
- **mc** true if the data are simulated, false by default
- **trig** is an int that can assume the following values: '0 = no trigger selection' , '1 = JpsiMu' (default), '2 = JpsiTkTk'
- **bs** is an int with following values: '1 = select Bs only' (default) , '2= select B0 only', '0=select both' (NOTE: with the option 0 you will obtain a TTree with both candidates, but each is reconstructed with the right decay channel, i.e J/psi phi for Bs and J/psi K* for B0)
- **sb** is a bool to extract the sidebands only (false by default)
- **draw** is a bool to get some plot in output (false by default)

The parameters are defined at this line https://gitlab.cern.ch/gfedi/bsjpsiphi_phis/blob/master/ROOT_Macros/CutAndPlot.C#L32

To run it, just .x CutAndPlot.C()

# CutAndPlot_B0/Bs.C
this macro take as input a file generated by the B0/Bs Analyzer and apply cuts on it producing also some control histograms in output.

The filename in output will have the prefix "Plots_", and will contain the Tree "OutTreeB0_PlusCuts" (or OutTree_PlusCuts in the case of Bs).
The macro can be used directly in the root prompt with ".x"

Cut values have to be set manually in the code (please check they are the same as reported in the AN).
The macro accept few parameters as expained in the comments in the code.

- **filename** is a string representing the path to the file to process
- **mc** true if the data are simulated, false by default
- **trig** is an int that can assume the following values: '0 = no trigger selection' , '1 = JpsiMu' , '2 = JpsiTkTk' (JpsiMu by default)
- **sb** is a bool to extract the sidebands only (false by default)
- **draw** is a bool to get some plot in output (false by default)

# DataMCComparison.C
This ROOT macro performs the Data MC comparison and produce the relative plots. It takes as input three files (which should be the output files of CutAndPlot_B0/Bs.C) and the ratio between
the number of events in the sidebands and the full background component including events under the signal peak. This last parameter can be computed using the fitting macro provided in this same repository.

The macro takes all the histograms in the three files, perform the sideband subtraction and plot signal-data, sidebands and signal-MC superimposed on the same canvas

# UnbinnedFit_BsOnly.C
is a simple ROOFit macro to perform an unbinned ML fit on the Bs data. It is useful to check quickly the results of CutAndPlot. As output it gives also the "ratio" parameter to be used for the correct sidebands subtraction in the script above 